---
layout: entry
title: Minecraft and Clojure for fun and profit, without the profit
---
We need a name. Maybe "Operation Hot Mother." No, let's try to top that. (They never did.) Fried cheese… with club sauce. Popcorn shrimp… with club sauce. Chicken fingers… with spicy club sauce. I'm a scholar. I enjoy scholarly pursuits. Suddenly playing with yourself is a scholarly pursuit? I think the only time you cooked for us was the morning Rosa's mom died. You gave us cereal in an ashtray. I'm not a prostitute. Then I shall let you live! Let's see some bananas and nuts!

{% highlight clj %}
(ns com.rycole.bukkit.simple.core
  (:require com.rycole.bukkit.simple.listeners)
  (:import [com.rycole.bukkit.simple.listeners PlayerLoginListener])
  (:gen-class :name com.rycole.bukkit.simple.core.Main
              :extends org.bukkit.plugin.java.JavaPlugin))

(defn -onEnable [this]
  (.info (.getLogger this) "PLUGIN ENABLED")
  (.registerEvents (.getPluginManager (.getServer this)) (com.rycole.bukkit.simple.listeners.PlayerLoginListener.) this))

(defn -onDisable [this]
  (.info (.getLogger this) "PLUGIN DISABLED"))
{% endhighlight %}

Either I zip down, or he zips up, and that is a mighty long zipper on Mother's Cher jumpsuit. And I am rock steady. No more dizzies. This is not me encouraging you to go here and write a review. No. Oh, I can just taste those meaty leading man parts in my mouth. Hey, it was one night of wild passion! And yet you didn't notice her body? I like to look in the mirror.

Happy Franklin Friday. Touché, Pandora. If that man's straight, then I am sober. He… she… what's the difference? Oh hear, hear. In the dark, it all looks the same. Early. Go ahead, touch the cornballer. How about a turtle? I've always loved those leathery little snappy faces.